hey you welcome to devfactor I'm Andrew
your host and today we're going to be
talking a little bit about UML and UML
is something that software engineers use
you know pretty often to kind of design
their code before they actually start
writing it truth of the matter is even
at a lot of big established software
companies people just use a whiteboard
and sketches instead but kumal kind of
gives you a structured way of going
about planning out your code before you
actually start writing it so you know
you in the background of this video you
can see that I'm using a website called
draw IO which is a free kind of like
alternative to Microsoft Visio which is
very popular for normal diagramming and
I'd recommend you check it out I don't
think it's a mandatory part of the
series but I felt like it was important
enough to some people that I should
probably touch on it and in the
background you can see that I'm doing
what's called a class design diagram and
at the top of it you have a name of a
class next you have the fields and their
data types and then after that you have
the methods in a class and that's a way
of modeling what a class looks like and
you'll see pretty soon I'm gonna make
another class and then I'm going to you
have a diamond on my first class point
to the second class that's a composition
relationship and that just means the for
the first class the board has a second
class which I believe is a J racer
object in this particular example so we
can also use these diagrams to model
inheritance relationships and almost
anything else you can think of to put in
your code so if you think it's useful
make sure to go check out draw dot IO
it's totally free and it's a really nice
alternative to Microsoft Visio I
actually like it more and otherwise you
know I got a couple questions and we're
gonna try to figure out the rest of this
tutorial series so question number one
has to do with the length of the
tutorials so according to the Google
Analytics panel I'm
with you guys like videos that are five
minutes or less and actually I've seen
that in my six and seven minute videos
most people watch about five minutes
that means they're missing the last
twenty percent of the videos so I'm kind
of thinking you know five minutes is
really short for a programming tutorial
video I'd have to split this into like a
hundred two hundred episodes that's
crazy but I'm willing to do that and
that's perfectly fine with me
the next video is ten minutes long
that's what I was gonna test next you
know see you know if I'm actually
writing code will people stay and learn
what there is to learn from that video
so if you have an opinion on this if you
think it should be five minutes ten
minutes 15 minutes or 20 minutes I'd
love to hear that in the comments
section below the video and that will
help me structure my future tutorial
videos in this Java game development
series
and my next and final question actually
has to do with the thumbnails and the
naming convention I'm using for my
videos so I recently went back and I
made custom thumbnails for every single
video on this channel oh my god that
took a long time and I also you know I
tried to make more exciting titles I
googled around I looked at how other
people made exciting tutorial titles and
I changed them so you know I love your
feedback on that do you like the new
thumbnails do you like the new titles
are there things I should change should
I make the tutorial titles you know more
streamlined so they're all like very
similar you know just put a number after
them or something like that give me your
feedback on that
that would be great otherwise I'm off to
work on some new videos and you know
thank you for watching if you are
interested in learning more about
programming or Java game development
make sure to subscribe to my channel we
got new updates two to three times a
week thanks for watching guys